[18.0][MIG] base_import_security_group (#1011)
OCA/server-ux: base_import_security_group/README.rst

    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fserver--ux-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/server-ux/tree/18.0/base_import_security_group
    :alt: OCA/server-ux
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/server-ux-18-0/server-ux-18-0-base_import_security_group
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/server-ux&target_branch=18.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

This module makes importing data from CSV and Excel files optional for
each user, depending on whether Import CSV/Excel files is ticked on the
Access Rights tab on the user form. This corresponds to a user group by
the same name. Only users that belong to this group will have the Import

> records button available under the Favorites button of each list or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
records button available under the Settings icon of each list or
```

Author: Good catch! But maybe it should be replaced with 'Actions icon', right?
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/cf44e038-8d4b-4605-9c7d-ce196e3b40f3)

Author: Done now
